There you are.
Did you both get the email survey I sent?
And you’re both coming, right?
I must have missed it.
I was on calls all morning.
What’s this about?
Well, the whole office is leaving early.
We’re going downtown
to support the march
for gay rights.
She won’t go.
Why?
It’s against her religion.
Some of her people came by my house,
and when I asked, they said your church
won’t support gay marriage.
Irene?
It’s true.
As Jehovah’s Witnesses,
we hold to the Bible’s standard on marriage,
which is only between a man and woman.
And we remain politically neutral.
That’s such ignorant thinking.
I understand it’s a sensitive subject.
I have a daughter who deserves her rights!
Trust me, Amber,
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
we believe everyone has a right
to choose how they live.
And I would never force my beliefs on anyone.
But you won’t go.
Just as I would never force
my beliefs on you,
all I ask is the same respect.
And, no, I won’t be going.
I have to go back to work.
Look, obviously, Irene,
I don’t agree with your perspective.
But I do appreciate
that you not push it on anyone else.
Thank you.
Great discussion today, everyone.
Remember, midterms are this Friday.
No excuses!
That includes you, Jordan.
You were noticeably silent
during our discussion today, Olivia.
I was?
I guess I just didn’t have much to say.
Aren’t you concerned about gay rights?
Um,
well, it seems like a political issue,
and I stay neutral
when it comes to political stuff.
But it’s not a political issue.
This is a human rights issue.
Mr. Dallas,
she’s like crazy religious.
Hey!
There’s nothing wrong with that.
No, you don’t understand.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
hate everybody that isn’t straight.
That’s not true! We don’t hate anyone.
I’ve spoken with your people before.
They seem big on equality.
We are.
The Bible says that ‘God isn’t partial.’
So we believe that everyone
should be treated fairly.
Good.
So I assume you have
gay members in your church.
No, we don’t.
But I thought you just said
everyone should be treated equally?
I’m confused.
Hah, called it!
Jordan, don’t you have a class to get to?
As I was saying,
how is that not a little hypocritical,
saying that you love everyone
and then excluding certain people?
Honestly, Mr. Dallas,
I’ve wondered the same thing.
OK.
And?
Well, I researched it in the Bible,
and I realized
that God accepts all people,
but he doesn’t accept all conduct.
What does that mean?
It means that you can’t be abusing drugs
and you can’t be stealing
or be violent and still be a Witness.
There are just certain actions
that God just doesn’t accept.
Including how someone expresses
their sexuality?
In some cases, yes.
We follow God’s standards
—not having sex without being married.
Well,
if that’s how you feel, that’s your right.
Personally, it seems a tad archaic to me but
to each their own.
Hey.
Does the Bible really say all that?
Yeah, it does.
OK,
maybe you can show me sometime.
Yeah, for sure.
Awesome.